Right now, Kentucky Representative
Thomas Massie is in one of the closest
watched campaigns in the country, going
up against Trump endorsed Ed Galrine in
the midterm primary election this week.
Recent polls show favor for Galin.
President Donald Trump took to social
media just hours ago, calling Massie
quote, a totally ineffective loser, end
quote. Today, the representative
appeared on ABC's This Week and said all
of Trump's effort campaigning against
him could work out in his favor. um
every time he tweets about me, it's it's
good for, you know, some money coming
in. How did this race become the most
expensive race in the history of
Congress for a primary? It's because
three billionaires from outside of
Kentucky have funneled millions of
dollars in here. They're trying to buy a
seat. And so, it's not just the
president's tweets. I could sustain
those without a problem. It's because
Miriam Adlesen and Paul Singer have
dumped money in here.
Massie has continued to be Trump's
biggest Republican political adversary,
forcing votes on the release of the
Epstein files and voting against the one
big beautiful bill. He has also been
vocal about Israel's lobbying influence
on sitting members of Congress or even
candidates and wants to eliminate it. He
says his competitor's race is an
example.
>> I'm the one they haven't been able to
bully, so they're putting all the brunt
force on me. But you can tell that I'm
ahead in the polls and they're
desperate. That's why they're sending
the Secretary of War to my district
tomorrow. That's why the president's
losing sleep and tweeting about this.
That's why Apac has dumped another $3
million into my race this weekend. It's
because they're panicked and they really
haven't been able to gain a lead in this
race. Massie continues to assert he
knows it will be a close race and that
every vote will